Error code's long explanation cleanup (#66633)
rust-lang/rust: src/librustc_error_codes/error_codes/E0015.md

> A constant item was initialized with something else than a constant expression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A constant item was initialized with something that is not a constant expression
```
